README.md, before:

# Project Brainstorm

## Domain of Interest
Our domain of interest is **Homelessness situation in Seattle**. In the Seattle King County area, there are about 12,500 homeless people living on the streets or in shelters. This not only makes the living environment of Seattle worse but also impacts the citizens' daily life(crime, policing, junk/RVs, harassment etc).

- Examples of other data driven projects related to this domain (6 points, 2 points each)?
  - [UW Urban Analytics - Housing Stability and Homelessness](https://urbanalytics.uw.edu/projects/housingstability/) Research seeking to decipher factors and services contributing to the housing stability of the homeless.
  - [Seattle/King County Point-In-Time Count of Persons Experiencing Homelessness](http://allhomekc.org/wp-content/uploads/2019/05/2019-Report_KingCounty_FINAL.pdf) An annual report from *All Home* intending to capture statistics on homelessness on a given night.
  - [How much do Seattle and King County spend on homelessness?](https://www.seattletimes.com/seattle-news/homeless/how-much-do-seattle-and-king-county-spend-on-homelessness/) Seattle Times infographic illustrating how much is spent on homelessness, including it's sources and how it is spent.
  ![How much do Seattle and King County spend on homelessness?](https://static.seattletimes.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/10/homeless-budget-WEB.jpg-1560x1195.jpeg "How much do Seattle and King County spend on homelessness?")

- Cost of homelessness
  - can be answered by calculating the average cost of livings per person  
- Crime and Homelessness
  - compare the crime rate with homeless population in the same region  
- Homeless and drug correalation
  - use data to find out how many homeless people are also addicted to drugs

## Finding data

| Source | Collection Methodology | Observations | Features | Questions |
|---|---|---|---|---|
|https://www.kaggle.com/adamschroeder/homelessness/data# | Combines Point-in-Time homeless count estimates with data from the Department of Housing and Urband Development. | 86,530 | 6 | What homeless populations most often secure shelter, and how does it vary between states?|
|https://www.kaggle.com/andytran11996/cost-of-living#cost-of-living-2018.csv | Unknown | 540 | 8 | Is there a positive relation between Consumer Price Index(CPI) and homeless population? |
|https://www.kaggle.com/mikejohnsonjr/united-states-crime-rates-by-county| Takes information from the US census and national crime data from the counties in the US | 3136 | 24 | Is there a correlation between crimerates and homelessness in certain regions? |

Commit message:

updated topic, questions, formatting and downloaded data sources into repo

README.md, after:

# Project Brainstorm

## Topic
Our domain of interest is **Homelessness**. In the Seattle King County area, there are about 12,500 homeless people living on the streets or in shelters. This not only makes the living environment of Seattle worse but also impacts the citizens' daily life(crime, policing, junk/RVs, harassment etc). Confronted with this in our daily lives, we are interested in better understanding the issue locally and nationally including some of the factors contributing to it.

## Example Projects
  - [UW Urban Analytics - Housing Stability and Homelessness](https://urbanalytics.uw.edu/projects/housingstability/) Research seeking to decipher factors and services contributing to the housing stability of the homeless.
  - [Seattle/King County Point-In-Time Count of Persons Experiencing Homelessness](http://allhomekc.org/wp-content/uploads/2019/05/2019-Report_KingCounty_FINAL.pdf) An annual report from *All Home* intending to capture statistics on homelessness on a given night.
  - [How much do Seattle and King County spend on homelessness?](https://www.seattletimes.com/seattle-news/homeless/how-much-do-seattle-and-king-county-spend-on-homelessness/) Seattle Times infographic illustrating how much is spent on homelessness, including it's sources and how it is spent.
  ![How much do Seattle and King County spend on homelessness?](https://static.seattletimes.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/10/homeless-budget-WEB.jpg-1560x1195.jpeg "How much do Seattle and King County spend on homelessness?")

## Questions to Answer
- How does cost of living impact the rate of various homeless populations?
  - Analyzing the homeless population relative to cost of living should give insight into how significant an impact cost of living has.  
- What is the impact of homeless populations on crime?
  - By comparing crime rates to homeless populations, we can identify any correlation that may exist between the two.
- How much of the homeless population can find shelter?
  - By comparing reported numbers of homeless population groups, we can identify trends with the portions of the population that find shelter.

## Data Sources

| Source | Collection Methodology | Observations | Features | Questions |
|---|---|---|---|---|
|https://www.kaggle.com/adamschroeder/homelessness/data# | Combines Point-in-Time homeless count estimates with data from the Department of Housing and Urband Development. | 86,530 | 6 | What homeless populations most often secure shelter, and how does it vary between states?|
|https://www.kaggle.com/andytran11996/cost-of-living#cost-of-living-2018.csv | Unknown | 540 | 8 | Is there a positive relation between Consumer Price Index(CPI) and homeless population? |
|https://www.kaggle.com/mikejohnsonjr/united-states-crime-rates-by-county| Takes information from the US census and national crime data from the counties in the US | 3136 | 24 | Is there a correlation between crime rates and homelessness in certain regions? |
